feat: implement `as_polars_series()` for some clock package types (#861)
pola-rs/r-polars: NEWS.md

-   `$min()` and `max()` now work on categorical variables (#868).
-   New methods for the `list` subnamespace: `$n_unique()`, `$gather_every()` 
    (#869).

> -   Converts `clock_time_point` and `clock_zoned_time` objects from
>     the `{clock}` package to Polars datetime type (#861).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `as_polars_series()` can now convert `clock_time_point` and `clock_zoned_time` objects from
    the `{clock}` package to Polars datetime type (#861).
```

Author: In fact, this is used internally in many different places, so it is better not to emphasize specific function.
